README.md, before:

Pinterest Like List
===================

This is an attempt to make a Pintrest-like list for Sencha Touch (2). 

We have not yet uploaded the demo online, but there is a demo available in the examples folder.

Getting Started
---------------

For using this widget in your application, follow below steps :-

1. Copy src folder to your app. The widget is located in src/ux/pintrest .
 
2. Add following to app.js (or your root js file).

        Ext.Loader.setPath('Ext.ux', './src/ux');

3. Add following CSS file ( src/ux/pintrest/resources/css/pintrest.css ) to list of CSS files. We have done this in app.json.


        "css": [
          {
            "path": "./src/ux/pintrest/resources/css/pintrest.css",
            "update": "full"
          },
          ...
        ]

4. In the view where you want to include the widget, add a require.
 
        requires: [
          'Ext.ux.pintrest.dataview.Pintrest',
          'Pintrest.view.MyPintrestItem', // only if we would like to customize the look of list items
          ...
        ],

5. In the same view, define a Pintrest like list as done in example.

        config: {
          ...
          productList: {
            id: 'productlist',
            defaultType: 'mypinitem',
            top: 0,
            bottom: 0,
            left: 5,
            right: 0,
            disableSelection: true,
            maxNumColumns: 4,
            minNumColumns: 2,
            maxColumnWidth: 350,
            minSideSpacing: 0,
            columnMargin: 5,
            rowMargin: 5
          },
          ...
        },
        
        applyProductList: function(config) {
          var productList = Ext.factory (config, Ext.Pintrest, this.getProductList());
          productList.element.on ( 'tap', this.addProductToCart, this );
          return productList;
        },
        ...

6. If we are interested in customizing the look of items in Pintrest interface, please check how we have done it in.

        example/app/view/MyPintrestItem.js

In the example, we have added a caption on the top with some of the items (2 for 1) by extending the pintrest item.


Attributes of Pintrest Like List
--------------------------------

The widget is derived from Ext.dataview.List . Most of the attributes are same. Some new attributes, specific to this widget are as follows.

    defaultType (default pinitem) = PinItem class (can be overridden to create a custom PinItem)
    maxNumColumns (default 4) = Maximum number of columns (when window width is more)
    minNumColumns (default 2) = Minimum number of columns (when window width is less)
    maxColumnWidth(default 150) = Maximum width of each column or each PinItem
    minSideSpacing (default 75) = Column width on the sides of Pintrest like list
    columnMargin (default 0) = Empty spacing between columns
    rowMargin (default 0) = Empty spacing between rows

Notes
-----

So far this has been tested on:

  * iOS 4s 
  * Android 4.0.3
  * Android 2.3.3

Hope you enjoy using the widet.

Commit message:

Added a link to demo page

README.md, after:

Pinterest Like List
===================

This is an attempt to make a Pintrest-like list for Sencha Touch (2). 

Demo page: http://flipflopapp.github.io/sencha-PintrestList/example/index.html

The demo page loads slowly, because we have not optimized the code (or packaged it).

Getting Started
---------------

For using this widget in your application, follow below steps :-

1. Copy src folder to your app. The widget is located in src/ux/pintrest .
 
2. Add following to app.js (or your root js file).

        Ext.Loader.setPath('Ext.ux', './src/ux');

3. Add following CSS file ( src/ux/pintrest/resources/css/pintrest.css ) to list of CSS files. We have done this in app.json.


        "css": [
          {
            "path": "./src/ux/pintrest/resources/css/pintrest.css",
            "update": "full"
          },
          ...
        ]

4. In the view where you want to include the widget, add a require.
 
        requires: [
          'Ext.ux.pintrest.dataview.Pintrest',
          'Pintrest.view.MyPintrestItem', // only if we would like to customize the look of list items
          ...
        ],

5. In the same view, define a Pintrest like list as done in example.

        config: {
          ...
          productList: {
            id: 'productlist',
            defaultType: 'mypinitem',
            top: 0,
            bottom: 0,
            left: 5,
            right: 0,
            disableSelection: true,
            maxNumColumns: 4,
            minNumColumns: 2,
            maxColumnWidth: 350,
            minSideSpacing: 0,
            columnMargin: 5,
            rowMargin: 5
          },
          ...
        },
        
        applyProductList: function(config) {
          var productList = Ext.factory (config, Ext.Pintrest, this.getProductList());
          productList.element.on ( 'tap', this.addProductToCart, this );
          return productList;
        },
        ...

6. If we are interested in customizing the look of items in Pintrest interface, please check how we have done it in.

        example/app/view/MyPintrestItem.js

In the example, we have added a caption on the top with some of the items (2 for 1) by extending the pintrest item.


Attributes of Pintrest Like List
--------------------------------

The widget is derived from Ext.dataview.List . Most of the attributes are same. Some new attributes, specific to this widget are as follows.

    defaultType (default pinitem) = PinItem class (can be overridden to create a custom PinItem)
    maxNumColumns (default 4) = Maximum number of columns (when window width is more)
    minNumColumns (default 2) = Minimum number of columns (when window width is less)
    maxColumnWidth(default 150) = Maximum width of each column or each PinItem
    minSideSpacing (default 75) = Column width on the sides of Pintrest like list
    columnMargin (default 0) = Empty spacing between columns
    rowMargin (default 0) = Empty spacing between rows

Notes
-----

So far this has been tested on:

  * iOS 4s 
  * Android 4.0.3
  * Android 2.3.3

Hope you enjoy using the widet.
